Migrate public/noodles to public/examples (#68)
joby-aviation/noodles.gl: noodles-editor/README.md

Savefiles are in JSON format and are a combination of [Theatre's Project savefile format](https://www.theatrejs.com/docs/latest/manual/projects) and [react-flow's savefile types](https://reactflow.dev/api-reference/types/react-flow-json-object) with some additions to support Noodles.gl.

> JSON files stored in the `/public/examples` directory can be loaded from the URL: **http://localhost:5173/?type=Noodles&project=ASC**, imported from the filesystem with the Menu on the bottom of the screen (File > Import), or saved to / loaded from the browser's OPFS storage by name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects stored in the `/public/examples` directory can be loaded from the URL: **http://localhost:5173/?project=nyc-taxis**, imported from the filesystem with the Menu on the bottom of the screen (File > Import), or saved to / loaded from the browser's OPFS storage by name.
```
